Docs: Minor wording changes in apworld_dev_faq.md (#4947)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/apworld_dev_faq.md

### My game has a restrictive start that leads to fill errors

> A "restrictive start" here means having a combination of very few sphere 1 locations and potentially requiring multiple items to get a player to sphere 2.

Reviewer: "and potentially requiring multiple items" is this like, A or B required or 2 of A required / A and B required
because it wasn't clear to me on first read

Author: Requiring you to have obtained 2 or more items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "restrictive start" here means having a combination of very few sphere 1 locations and potentially requiring more
than one item to get a player to sphere 2.
```
slightly more specific so
